# A-Basic-Humanoid
Humans have always strived to build machines and technologies that simulate human behavior. These innovations started with a need to improve human lifestyle, and build machine substitutes that could handle tedious, time consuming and exhaustive work for us. So, most innovations began as a necessity.
The human affair with innovation is almost as old as mankind. For example, in 1485, Da Vinci had developed the design for a flying machine. Of course, he was born far ahead of his time and such an invention couldn’t come to pass. But slowly and steadily, humans have reached the pinnacle of technology. At this point of time, humans have the money, mind and technology needed to conduct research even into topics considered fanciful. Who would have thought humans would one day reach Mars? We often we end up surprising the naysayers.
It is only in the last few decades that humans have started to use technology to make human life luxurious. Building things we would enjoy and not necessary things we need. This of course means a good thing for humankind- as there is no limit to human imagination. Finally, technology has caught up with us and we can build most things we envision.
The world is consequently moving into a world of automation and robotics. A significant part of research nowadays is into building robots that are anthropomorphic and human-like, so that they can do the work of humans more convincingly. These robots are expected to be able to interact with human beings in a natural manner. We call them social robots.
We build a basic version of a social robot. Instead of focusing on the mobility of the robot, we focus on the facial features of the robot- trying to build a robot that form human-like gestures. This type of research would in future lead to robots that are able to interact with humans in a more human-like manner.
